com/example/sberify/data/db/AppDatabase_Impl.java
 com.example.sberify.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl
 com.example.sberify.data.db.AppDatabase_Impl$1
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/SharedViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.SharedViewModel_HiltModule
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_di_RepositoryModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/di/DbModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.DbModule_ProvideDatabaseFactory
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/favorite/FavoriteViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.favorite.FavoriteViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideGeniusOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideGeniusOkHttpClientFactory
com/example/sberify/Hilt_SberifyApp.java
 com.example.sberify.Hilt_SberifyApp
 com.example.sberify.Hilt_SberifyApp$1
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideGeniusRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideGeniusRepositoryFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_newreleases_NewReleasesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_newreleases_NewReleasesFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideResponseConverterFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideResponseConverterFactory
com/example/sberify/databinding/FragmentFavoriteBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FragmentFavoriteBinding
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideSpotifyRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideSpotifyRepositoryFactory
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideDataConverterFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideDataConverterFactory
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemSuggestionBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemSuggestionBinding
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemSearchBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemSearchBinding
com/example/sberify/databinding/FragmentAlbumDetailsBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FragmentAlbumDetailsBinding
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideDatabaseRepositoryFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideDatabaseRepositoryFactory
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideDbConverterFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideDbConverterFactory
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemAlbumBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemAlbumBinding
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/MainActivity_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.MainActivity_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/di/DbModule_ProvideArtistDaoFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.DbModule_ProvideArtistDaoFactory
com/example/sberify/databinding/LoadingAnimBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.LoadingAnimBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_SharedViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_SharedViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/SharedViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.SharedViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/example/sberify/data/db/suggestions/SuggestionsDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sberify.data.db.suggestions.SuggestionsDao_Impl
 com.example.sberify.data.db.suggestions.SuggestionsDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sberify.data.db.suggestions.SuggestionsDao_Impl$2
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/lyrics/Hilt_LyricsFragment.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.lyrics.Hilt_LyricsFragment
com/example/sberify/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_search_SearchFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_search_SearchFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_favorite_FavoriteViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_favorite_FavoriteViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/newreleases/Hilt_NewReleasesFragment.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.newreleases.Hilt_NewReleasesFragment
com/example/sberify/databinding/FragmentNewReleasesBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FragmentNewReleasesBinding
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemAlbumHorizontalBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemAlbumHorizontalBinding
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/lyrics/LyricsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.lyrics.LyricsViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideGsonConverterFactoryFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideGsonConverterFactoryFactory
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/albuminfo/AlbumDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.albuminfo.AlbumDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjector
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_di_DbModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_di_DbModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/databinding/HeaderBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.HeaderBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_SberifyApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_SberifyApp_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/databinding/FilterBottomSheetLayoutBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FilterBottomSheetLayoutBinding
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemTrackListedBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemTrackListedBinding
com/example/sberify/di/DbModule_ProvideAlbumDaoFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.DbModule_ProvideAlbumDaoFactory
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/favorite/Hilt_FavoriteFragment.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.favorite.Hilt_FavoriteFragment
com/example/sberify/data/db/artists/ArtistDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl$2
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl$3
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl$4
 com.example.sberify.data.db.artists.ArtistDao_Impl$5
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/MainActivity_MembersInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.MainActivity_MembersInjector
com/example/sberify/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sberify.BuildConfig
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyInterceptorFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyInterceptorFactory
com/example/sberify/di/RepositoryModule_ProvideGeniusParserFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.RepositoryModule_ProvideGeniusParserFactory
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/albuminfo/Hilt_AlbumDetailsFragment.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.albuminfo.Hilt_AlbumDetailsFragment
com/example/sberify/databinding/FragmentLyricsBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FragmentLyricsBinding
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_favorite_FavoriteFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_favorite_FavoriteFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyApiServiceFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_lyrics_LyricsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_lyrics_LyricsViewModel_HiltModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/newreleases/NewReleasesFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.newreleases.NewReleasesFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideTokenDataFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideTokenDataFactory
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideGeniusApiServiceFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideGeniusApiServiceFactory
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/Hilt_MainActivity.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.Hilt_MainActivity
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/favorite/FavoriteViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.favorite.FavoriteViewModel_HiltModule
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/lyrics/LyricsViewModel_HiltModule.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.lyrics.LyricsViewModel_HiltModule
com/example/sberify/data/db/album/AlbumDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$10
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$11
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$12
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$13
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$2
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$3
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$4
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$5
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$6
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$7
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$8
 com.example.sberify.data.db.album.AlbumDao_Impl$9
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyOkHttpClientFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideSpotifyOkHttpClientFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_lyrics_LyricsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_lyrics_LyricsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/data/repository/GeniusRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.data.repository.GeniusRepository_Factory
com/example/sberify/databinding/FragmentSearchBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.FragmentSearchBinding
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/SharedViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.SharedViewModel_AssistedFactory_Factory
com/example/sberify/data/db/track/TrackDao_Impl.java
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$1
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$2
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$3
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$4
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$5
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$6
 com.example.sberify.data.db.track.TrackDao_Impl$7
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/search/SearchFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.search.SearchFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/lyrics/LyricsFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.lyrics.LyricsFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/SberifyApp_HiltComponents.java
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityCBuilderModule
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ActivityRetainedCBuilderModule
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ApplicationC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$FragmentCBuilderModule
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ServiceCBuilderModule
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewCBuilderModule
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_HiltComponents$ViewWithFragmentCBuilderModule
com/example/sberify/databinding/TopBottomContentDividerBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.TopBottomContentDividerBinding
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/favorite/FavoriteFragment_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.favorite.FavoriteFragment_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/search/Hilt_SearchFragment.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.search.Hilt_SearchFragment
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_di_ApiModuleModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_di_ApiModuleModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/data/repository/SpotifyRepository_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.data.repository.SpotifyRepository_Factory
com/example/sberify/databinding/BottomNavViewBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.BottomNavViewBinding
com/example/sberify/DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC.java
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$1
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$FragmentCImpl$ViewWithFragmentCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$SwitchingProvider
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ActivityRetainedCImpl$ActivityCImpl$ViewCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$Builder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCBuilder
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$ServiceCImpl
 com.example.sberify.DaggerSberifyApp_HiltComponents_ApplicationC$SwitchingProvider
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/lyrics/LyricsViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.lyrics.LyricsViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/example/sberify/SberifyApp_GeneratedInjector.java
 com.example.sberify.SberifyApp_GeneratedInjector
com/example/sberify/presentation/ui/favorite/FavoriteViewModel_AssistedFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.presentation.ui.favorite.FavoriteViewModel_AssistedFactory
com/example/sberify/databinding/ItemTrackBinding.java
 com.example.sberify.databinding.ItemTrackBinding
com/example/sberify/di/DbModule_ProvideTrackDaoFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.DbModule_ProvideTrackDaoFactory
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_MainActivity_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
hilt_aggregated_deps/com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_albuminfo_AlbumDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps.java
 hilt_aggregated_deps.com_example_sberify_presentation_ui_albuminfo_AlbumDetailsFragment_GeneratedInjectorModuleDeps
com/example/sberify/data/repository/DatabaseRepositoryImpl_Factory.java
 com.example.sberify.data.repository.DatabaseRepositoryImpl_Factory
com/example/sberify/di/ApiModule_ProvideGeniusInterceptorFactory.java
 com.example.sberify.di.ApiModule_ProvideGeniusInterceptorFactory
